## Programmatic Imitation Learning from Unlabeled and Noisy Demonstrations
${tex`Imitation Learning (IL) is a promising paradigm for teaching robots to perform
novel tasks using demonstrations.
Most existing approaches for IL utilize neural networks (NN), however, 
these methods suffer from several well-known
limitations: they 1) require large amounts of training data, 2) are hard to
interpret, and 3) are hard to \old{repair }\new{refine} and adapt.
%
There is an emerging interest in \emph{Programmatic Imitation Learning} (PIL), which offers significant promise in addressing the above limitations. 
In PIL, the learned policy is represented in a programming language, making it amenable to interpretation and \old{repair }\new{adaptation to novel settings}. However, state-of-the-art PIL algorithms assume access to action labels and struggle to learn from noisy real-world demonstrations.
%
In this paper, we propose \algname, a
novel PIL algorithm that integrates a probabilistic program synthesizer in an
iterative Expectation-Maximization (EM) framework to address these shortcomings. 
Unlike existing PIL approaches, \algname{} synthesizes \emph{probabilistic} 
programmatic policies that are particularly well-suited for modeling the 
uncertainties inherent in real-world demonstrations. Our approach leverages an EM loop to 
simultaneously infer the missing action labels and the most likely probabilistic 
policy.
% Our method is robust against actuation errors in the demonstrations, and the
% synthesized probabilistic policies intuitively reflect uncertainties commonly
% found in human demonstrations. 
We benchmark \algname{} against several established IL techniques, and demonstrate its superiority across five challenging imitation learning tasks under noise. 
%
 \algname\ policies achieve  $95\%$ accuracy in matching the given demonstrations, outperforming the next best baseline by $19\%$.
%
Additionally, policies generated by \algname{} successfully complete the tasks $17\%$ more frequently than the nearest baseline.`}